[backport/release/3.4] luajit: bump new version (#11694)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-11229-sysprof-report.md

## feature/tools

> LuaJIT's platform profile function `misc.sysprof.report()` may be called

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to call LuaJIT's platform profile function `misc.sysprof.report()`
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
